## 1. Flight Information

Flight ID: 001

Date / Time: 2025-04-15 09:00 CST

Location: North West Germany

Pilot in Command: Julius

Flight Crew / Observers:

Aircraft Designation: Quiver PT2

## 2. Test Conditions

Weather Condition: Only small clouds, the sun is out, a little bit of wind.

Temperature: 19°C

Wind Speed / Direction: 10 km/h / 188° (South)

Humidity: 39%

Visibility: Excellent 10km

## 3. Test Aim / Procedure

### 3.1. Test Aim

First official test flight with Quiver PT2 in Germany. We will conduct a simple takeoff-hover-landing routine to check the parameters and results.

### 3.2. Test Plan

The flight will be conducted in altitude hold mode. We will take off, hover for a bit, and test small inputs for yaw, pitch, and roll. After a few minutes, we will land again.

## 4. Preflight Checklist

### 4.1. Airframe Inspection

- [x] Visual check (no cracks, loose fasteners, damage)
- [x] Structural mounting points (battery, payload) secure

Photos from the airframe, details where necessary

### 4.2. Propulsion / Power System

- [x] Propeller(s) securely fastened, free of damage
- [x] Battery charge adequate. Battery Voltage: 53.6V

### 4.3. Avionics / Electronics

- [x] Check all physical connections on the PCB and FC.
- [x] Contactor working smoothly
- [x] All pre-flight checks OK on the ground station.
- [x] RC remote & telemetry connections stable

### 4.4. Pilot Notes

- [x] Flight plan reviewed
- [x] IMSAFE

Anything missing on the aircraft, anything that doesn't feel right

## 5. Flight Test

### 5.1. Ground Run:

- Arm the vehicle

- Give 20% throttle input

- Observe the ground station for any errors, propellers are spinning with similar speeds in the right directions

- No errors on ground station

- Propellers spinning with similar speeds

- Propellers spinning in the right directions

- Battery charge adequate. Battery voltage after ground run: 53.5V

### 5.2. Flight Test:

**Leg ID (If Any)**

#### Flight Feeling & Observations

- We conducted two takeoffs during this test. Both were similar in duration and movement
- Takeoff was smooth on both
- The flight itself was feeling pretty good. A little bit of wind so I had to give throttle inputs most of the time
- During takeoff no.2 the drone had a yaw rotation. I had to correct the orientation
- All inputs for yaw, roll, and pitch were good
- Landing no.2 was a little bit more shaky because of the uneven landing surface caused by some mounds of grass

#### Pilot Actions/Inputs

- Only careful inputs were given

#### Aircraft Behavior

- Flight behavior was good

#### Flight Plan Achievement

- Data was collected
- Successful first mission

#### Recommendations

- After the first inspection of the data we saw different motor power output. We need to check why two motors work harder than the other two.

#### Pixhawk Logs

- private to the team for now

#### Voltage Reading

- 51.00V
