## 1. Flight Information

Flight ID: 005

Date / Time: 2025-04-23 02:30 CST

Location: North West Germany

Pilot in Command: Julius

Flight Crew / Observers:

Aircraft Designation: Quiver PT2

## 2. Test Conditions

Weather Condition: Good, partly cloudy, rain expected in the afternoon

Temperature: 16°C

Wind Speed / Direction: 5 km/h / 0° (North)

Humidity: 75%

Visibility: Excellent 10km

## 3. Test Aim / Procedure

### 3.1. Test Aim

Try the position hold mode. Further improve compass calibration with MagFit utility and apply a notch filter to the configuration.

### 3.2. Test Plan

The flight will be conducted in position hold mode. We will take off, hover for a bit, and test small inputs for yaw, pitch, and roll. After a few minutes, we will land again.

## 4. Preflight Checklist

### 4.1. Airframe Inspection

- [x] Visual check (no cracks, loose fasteners, damage)
- [x] Structural mounting points (battery, payload) secure

Photos from the airframe, details where necessary

### 4.2. Propulsion / Power System

- [x] Propeller(s) securely fastened, free of damage
- [x] Battery charge adequate. Battery Voltage: 57.0V

### 4.3. Avionics / Electronics

- [x] Check all physical connections on the PCB and FC.
- [x] Contactor working smoothly
- [x] All pre-flight checks OK on the ground station.
- [x] RC remote & telemetry connections stable

### 4.4. Pilot Notes

- [x] Flight plan reviewed
- [x] IMSAFE

Anything missing on the aircraft, anything that doesn't feel right

## 5. Flight Test

### 5.1. Ground Run:

- Arm the vehicle

- Give 20% throttle input

- Observe the ground station for any errors, propellers are spinning with similar speeds in the right directions

- No errors on ground station

- Propellers spinning with similar speeds

- Propellers spinning in the right directions

- Battery charge adequate. Battery voltage after ground run: 57.0V

### 5.2. Flight Test:

**Leg ID 1**
Test the MagFit calibration and gather data for the notch filter setup.
**Leg ID 2**
Notch filter was applied. Gathering data to review the setup.

#### Flight Feeling & Observations

- First leg was without problems and the logs are looking good. The compass calibration also looks good.
- Second leg had to be aborted after a few minutes, because some smoke was visible coming from the drone. Landed safely.

#### Pilot Actions/Inputs

- Normal inputs

#### Aircraft Behavior

- Flight behavior was good

#### Flight Plan Achievement

- Data was collected
- Compass calibration was successful
- Second leg was not successful and flight had to be aborted

#### Recommendations

- After inspecting the drone, it was discovered that a screw connection on the power cable had come loose, causing a cable lug on the fuse to become very hot. The repair can be carried out quickly.

#### Pixhawk Logs

- Private to the team for now

#### Voltage Reading

- 51.00V
