## 1. Flight Information

Flight ID: 006

Date / Time: 2025-04-25 02:40 CST

Location: North West Germany

Pilot in Command: Julius

Flight Crew / Observers:

Aircraft Designation: Quiver PT2

## 2. Test Conditions

Weather Condition: 100% cloud cover, a little bit of wind.

Temperature: 13°C

Wind Speed / Direction: 9 km/h / 255° (West)

Humidity: 85%

Visibility: Excellent 10km

## 3. Test Aim / Procedure

### 3.1. Test Aim

Check if the drone is ok after the repair was made. If everything is looking good we will attach the payload dummy to the drone and test how it is handling the additional weight.

### 3.2. Test Plan

Make a short flight in position hold mode and check after two minutes if everything is alright. Proceed to attach the payload dummy and continue with a flight in altitude hold mode. If that flight also looks good proceed with a flight in position hold mode.

## 4. Preflight Checklist

### 4.1. Airframe Inspection

- [x] Visual check (no cracks, loose fasteners, damage)
- [x] Structural mounting points (battery, payload) secure

Photos from the airframe, details where necessary

### 4.2. Propulsion / Power System

- [x] Propeller(s) securely fastened, free of damage
- [x] Battery charge adequate. Battery Voltage: 58.25V

### 4.3. Avionics / Electronics

- [x] Check all physical connections on the PCB and FC.
- [x] Contactor working smoothly
- [x] All pre-flight checks OK on the ground station.
- [x] RC remote & telemetry connections stable

### 4.4. Pilot Notes

- [x] Flight plan reviewed
- [x] IMSAFE

Anything missing on the aircraft, anything that doesn't feel right

## 5. Flight Test

### 5.1. Ground Run:

- Arm the vehicle

- Give 20% throttle input

- Observe the ground station for any errors, propellers are spinning with similar speeds in the right directions

- No errors on ground station

- Propellers spinning with similar speeds

- Propellers spinning in the right directions

- Battery charge adequate. Battery voltage after ground run: 55.20V

### 5.2. Flight Test:

**Leg ID 1**
- Flight in position hold mode to test the drone after the repair
**Leg ID 2**
- Flight in altitute hold mode with the payload
**Leg ID 3**
- Flight in position hold mode with the payload

#### Flight Feeling & Observations

- All flights successful

#### Pilot Actions/Inputs

- Normal inputs

#### Aircraft Behavior

- Flight behavior was good

#### Flight Plan Achievement

- Data was collected
- Successful missions
- Drone takes the additional payload very well

#### Recommendations


#### Pixhawk Logs

- Private to the team for now

#### Voltage Reading

- 51.25V
