## 1. Flight Information

Flight ID: 007

Date / Time: 2025-04-25 06:30 CST

Location: North West Germany

Pilot in Command: Julius

Flight Crew / Observers:

Aircraft Designation: Quiver PT2

## 2. Test Conditions

Weather Condition: 100% cloud cover, a little bit of wind.

Temperature: 13°C

Wind Speed / Direction: 9 km/h / 255° (West)

Humidity: 79%

Visibility: Excellent 10km

## 3. Test Aim / Procedure

### 3.1. Test Aim

Complete the first automated misson with the payload attached.

### 3.2. Test Plan

First a short flight in postion hold mode. Then we will prepare a short automated mission with 1-2 waypoints. After that we will create an automated mission with 4-5 waypoints.

## 4. Preflight Checklist

### 4.1. Airframe Inspection

- [x] Visual check (no cracks, loose fasteners, damage)
- [x] Structural mounting points (battery, payload) secure

Photos from the airframe, details where necessary

### 4.2. Propulsion / Power System

- [x] Propeller(s) securely fastened, free of damage
- [x] Battery charge adequate. Battery Voltage: 58.60V

### 4.3. Avionics / Electronics

- [x] Check all physical connections on the PCB and FC.
- [x] Contactor working smoothly
- [x] All pre-flight checks OK on the ground station.
- [x] RC remote & telemetry connections stable

### 4.4. Pilot Notes

- [x] Flight plan reviewed
- [x] IMSAFE

Anything missing on the aircraft, anything that doesn't feel right

## 5. Flight Test

### 5.1. Ground Run:

- Arm the vehicle

- Give 20% throttle input

- Observe the ground station for any errors, propellers are spinning with similar speeds in the right directions

- No errors on ground station

- Propellers spinning with similar speeds

- Propellers spinning in the right directions

- Battery charge adequate. Battery voltage after ground run: 58.60V

### 5.2. Flight Test:

**Leg ID 1**
- Short flight in position hold mode
**Leg ID 2**
- Short automated mission with a simple waypoint at 10m
**Leg ID 3**
- 3 sets of automated missions with 5m of altitude on a square-ish route (5 waypoints)

#### Flight Feeling & Observations

- All flights were successful
- The automated missions were well executed by the drone
- Some altitue drop could be observed during braking
- When there are no delyas set at the waypoints the drone goes very fast
- Some delays at the waypoint help to prevent the drone from flying too far beyond the waypoints in quick turning maneuvers
- All automatic starts and landings were good

#### Pilot Actions/Inputs

- No inputs for the automated flights

#### Aircraft Behavior

- Flight behavior was good except the altitute drop between two specific waypoints

#### Flight Plan Achievement

- Data was collected
- Successful automated missions

#### Recommendations

- Check if we can compensate the altitute drop that is happening during certain maneuvers

#### Pixhawk Logs

- Private to the team for now

#### Voltage Reading

- 53.20V
