## 1. Flight Information

Flight ID: 002

Date / Time: 2025-04-15 03:23 CST

Location: North West Germany

Pilot in Command: Julius

Flight Crew / Observers:

Aircraft Designation: Quiver PT2

## 2. Test Conditions

Weather Condition: 100% cloud cover, a little bit of wind. Took place after a small rain shower.

Temperature: 15°C

Wind Speed / Direction: 5 km/h / 199° (South)

Humidity: 92%

Visibility: Excellent 10km

## 3. Test Aim / Procedure

### 3.1. Test Aim

Second test flight with Quiver PT2 in Germany. We undertook a short flight to check whether the realignment of the motors has led to an improvement in the performance deviation among the two diagonal motor pairs.

### 3.2. Test Plan

The flight will be conducted in altitude hold mode. We will take off, hover for a bit, and test small inputs for yaw, pitch, and roll. After a few minutes, we will land again.

## 4. Preflight Checklist

### 4.1. Airframe Inspection

- [x] Visual check (no cracks, loose fasteners, damage)
- [x] Structural mounting points (battery, payload) secure

Photos from the airframe, details where necessary

### 4.2. Propulsion / Power System

- [x] Propeller(s) securely fastened, free of damage
- [x] Battery charge adequate. Battery Voltage: 51.5V

### 4.3. Avionics / Electronics

- [x] Check all physical connections on the PCB and FC.
- [x] Contactor working smoothly
- [x] All pre-flight checks OK on the ground station.
- [x] RC remote & telemetry connections stable

### 4.4. Pilot Notes

- [x] Flight plan reviewed
- [x] IMSAFE

Anything missing on the aircraft, anything that doesn't feel right

## 5. Flight Test

### 5.1. Ground Run:

- Arm the vehicle

- Give 20% throttle input

- Observe the ground station for any errors, propellers are spinning with similar speeds in the right directions

- No errors on ground station

- Propellers spinning with similar speeds

- Propellers spinning in the right directions

- Battery charge adequate. Battery voltage after ground run: 51.5V

### 5.2. Flight Test:

**Leg ID (If Any)**

#### Flight Feeling & Observations

- Good short flight

#### Pilot Actions/Inputs

- Only careful inputs were given

#### Aircraft Behavior

- Flight behavior was good

#### Flight Plan Achievement

- Data was collected
- Successful mission

#### Recommendations

- After the inspection of the data we saw that the different motor power output is not solved yet. The realignment of the motors caused an over correction and now the motor pair that was previously underpowered is now delivering more power than the other pair.

#### Pixhawk Logs

- private to the team for now

#### Voltage Reading

- 51.00V
